docs: create MetricPipeline temporality feature documentation (#3649)
kyma-project/telemetry-manager: docs/user/collecting-metrics/README.md

For details on the available parameters, see [Telemetry Custom Resource](../resources/01-telemetry.md).

## Convert Metrics Temporality

By default, the Metric Agent and OTLP Gateway preserve the temporality of all collected metrics. To convert cumulative metrics to delta temporality, set the **output.otlp.temporality** field to `delta`:

```yaml
apiVersion: telemetry.kyma-project.io/v1beta1
kind: MetricPipeline
metadata:
  name: backend
spec:
  output:
    otlp:
      endpoint:
        value: http://myEndpoint:4317
      temporality: delta
```

Metrics that already have delta temporality pass through unchanged. The pipeline drops the first data point of each converted series and uses it as a baseline for calculating subsequent deltas.

> [!NOTE]

> > If you use custom filters with `temporality: delta`, avoid conditions that rely on metric values (for example, `where value > 10000`) or on Kubernetes attributes that change during workload updates, such as `k8s.replicaset.name`. These filter patterns can interrupt the delta calculation and cause data gaps.

Author: focus more on the attribute set change (don't have ambiguous conditions as examples)

Author: deltas are calculated from attribute sets, if the attribute set changes, a new metric series gets created and the old series will not be tracked anymore

For details on the available parameters, see [Telemetry Custom Resource](../resources/01-telemetry.md).

## Convert Metrics Temporality

> By default, the Metric Agent and OTLP Gateway preserve the temporality of all collected metrics. To convert cumulative metrics to delta temporality, set the **output.otlp.temporality** field to delta:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the Metric Agent and OTLP Gateway preserve the temporality of all collected metrics. To convert cumulative metrics to delta temporality, set the **output.otlp.temporality** field to `delta`:
```

```yaml
apiVersion: telemetry.kyma-project.io/v1beta1
kind: MetricPipeline
metadata:
  name: backend
spec:
  output:
    otlp:
      endpoint:
        value: http://myEndpoint:4317
      temporality: delta
```

> Metrics with delta temporality pass through unchanged. The pipeline drops the first data point of each converted series and uses it as a baseline for calculating subsequent deltas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metrics that already have delta temporality pass through unchanged. The pipeline drops the first data point of each converted series and uses it as a baseline for calculating subsequent deltas.
```

> [!NOTE]

> > If you set `temporality: delta` and also use custom transforms or filters, avoid conditions that depend on:

Reviewer: Maybe we can make this note box more concise:

```suggestion
> If you use custom filters with `temporality: delta`, avoid conditions that rely on metric values (for example, `where value > 10000`) or on Kubernetes attributes that change during workload updates, such as `k8s.replicaset.name`. These filter patterns can interrupt the delta calculation and cause data gaps.
```
